Change from 'is' to 'are' (#21811)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/system-text-json-customize-properties.md

By default, property names and dictionary keys are unchanged in the JSON output, including case. Enum values are represented as numbers. In this article, you'll learn how to:

> [!NOTE]

> > The [web defaults](system-text-json-configure-options.md#web-defaults-for-jsonserializeroptions) are camel case.

Author: ```suggestion
> The [web default](system-text-json-configure-options.md#web-defaults-for-jsonserializeroptions) is camel case.
```
